# Profile Page Prompt

## Interface
The interface of our profile page will be very similar to those of the social media apps like instagram, reddit, etc.
On left it it will have the profile icon of the respective user, bigger than the pfp in the profile panel, if the user is online the pfp will show a green dot on top right,and on the right of it will be the user's Full Name(if they've added it) and below that full name will be the username in less prominent font. If the user hasn't added a full name, then in the place of the fullname it will just show the username. And there should be no secondary text below it. If the user is offline then there should be no green dot on the pfp and there should be a text on the right of the username saying last online at <time>. And in case the username is displayed in place of fullname the last seen text should still be below the username as secondary.
Below the pfp and username there should be an about text, while will only appear if user has added it in their profile settings. 
Below about text there should be two badges, one on the left and one on the right. The left one will show the user's rank, with rank icon and rank name only, no rank points. The right one will show the user ranking number in public rank list, e.g. 3rd, 4th, etc. (we haven't created the rank listing page yet so you can leave a place holder for now)
Below the badges there will be a separator, below which there will be two buttons, which will be different depending on the viewer. If the user himself is viewing his profile, then the buttons will be "Edit Profile" and "Share Profile". If someone else is viewing the profile, then the buttons will be "Add Friend" and "Pay". If the user is already a friend for the viewer, then the button will be "Message" instead of "Add Friend". There will be one extra small square button, while will show three stright bars vertically, which will open a menu with options like Remove Friend, Share Profile, Our Trades.
Below there should be the user's gallery, first will be there any one of the user's estate on left and one vehicle on right (if user has added any via edit profile) if there's no estate or vehicle added by the user then there should be no vehicle and estate section.
Below that will be there all the owned artifacts by the user which he has not set to private, in a grid of 4x3 just like the inventory page's artifacts and will load more upon scrolling, take the cloudinary size references and infinite scroll references from the inventory page.